The Joe Rogan experience.
I do this thing actually though,
which I think is nice.
I'm going to say this,
this is not,
because I'm obviously I'm doing a tour at the moment here in the us,
but I'm going to come out of this us too on the 75th anniversary of d day and I
fly to call and normally you're doing a standup tour.
Yeah,
big [inaudible] up to her,
the whole of America.
Are you doing any dates in La at?
Yeah,
I'm at the Dolby theater full on the 26th to 29th of June.
Okay.
The Adobe,
that was the Codec with you want to come out it also?
Yeah,
if I'm 26 I'll look at it later.
Don't worry.
Yeah,
it's all on Eddie's dot com and but I go to,
I go to Normandy,
the 70th anniversary of d day and I do,
and they fought the battle of Normandy in German of the on one side and then
French and English on the other side.
And so I do three shows and Jerome Fisher at 50 minutes in German and then I do
50 minutes in English.
And then 15 minutes in French and then we have a buffet and everyone hangs out
and meet everyone and we all the German speakers,
the French and English,
because I heard that you're doing that is incredible that you're doing stand up
in multiple languages.
Yeah.
That's how long did it take you to learn that?
Well,
I did school.
I did French at School for eight years.
I did Germans who for two years.
So,
um,
it is,
but it was partly a sort of low level political thing.
I just thought if I'm an English guy going to France and doing it in French,
then maybe a French cake go,
well fuck man,
I'm going to do it in English.
Right.
And now the germs digging each.
The Russians are doing English,
the Spanish,
everyone's going to English because you can do a,
you have a Hollywood would career potentially or be on television and English.
Um,
you can also tour the world in English.
Now you can use it as a,
as a bridging language.
We were talking about Google translate.
I know French kids,
French kid,
my friend.
Yes.
Seen Belews has performed in Helsinki,
in Finland and finish.
Kids have been watching in the second language,
they'd been watching in English and listening in English and he's been
performing a French guide,
performing an English show.
They met and laughed in a second language,
which I think is an amazing thing.
But now you could tour the world that way.
So this is day.
But anyway,
so I'm going to get a dome and the,
and the,
it's a commemoration of uh,
that the battle happened at 75 years ago and it's a celebration that now we
don't go to war in those three languages anymore.
And you have different 50 minutes force French,
different 50,
exactly the same uh,
ideas.
Uh,
but the words are all obviously either German or French.
I'll give you an example.
I had,
um,
I said,
Caesar,
I've told about Julius Caesar.
I said it,
did he ever think that one day he would end up as a salad?
Okay.
Cause he always wore like guys,
he's now site and a French says that escalate Jamey imagination.
Did He,
one day imagine [inaudible] on salad.
One day he would finish up as a salad and German says that Hatay Yeager,
Dax,
did he ever think [inaudible] Mallett he one time as [inaudible] ended Verda as
salon salad and that would have,
so you've got the verb right at the end,
but they still laugh at the same place,
but maybe about half second later split second later as salad salad end up have.
So you have to really have a deep understanding of how to structure the
sentences.
It's just practice really,
you know,
anything in life.
Um,
you could do,
if you were taking that of here you speak,
he didn't speak any animals or anything.
So if they took you and suddenly for some reason you were had to be in any other
cup.
Thailand,
say say somebody dropped a big block of heroin into,
I think just as a test,
as a social experiment and they filled this all and use Hays is smuggling.
So you have to go to a Thai prison.
Uh,
this is kind of extreme example.
Anyone.
And then you'd,
you'd be learning within one month,
you'd have basic sentences going,
anyone who goes to prison to kind of have sure whether,
you know,
if you work in a restaurant you want anyway you worked with,
no one's given you any English coming in.
You just have to pick up the words and our survival instincts would pick them up
and then you might have a strong accent,
but you'd be,
we,
you,
me,
everyone,
we can do that.
So I just again,
use the auto,
I can set up this artificial scenario of I have to do this.
So I had to learn French.
So I started before I did this show,
there's Vonda bacio which the German title,
um,
meaning wonderful.
And I started it in French.
So I jumped because I improvised to,
to work.
I don't write anything.
I just go on and go,
hey,
check is what's going on with chickens,
chickens,
chicken with a gun.
Dangerous.
You don't write your act?
No,
I just improvised it and I sort of workshop it endlessly until it gets it.
Oh,
that's good.
And then you memorize it.
Uh,
well I know it because I said it last time kind of thing.
So in French I was just going [inaudible] and pull it Donald Trump's LMM shows
and compare things you record and listen to that record every show and never
listened to them.
Ah,
you record on your phone or do you have no snow?
So we have a professional setup,
so we're sometimes not with the laughter mixed in.
I've just been listening back to the German shows in Berlin and the laughter is
fairly low in the mix.
So I'm saying this Jackson Guy,
if anyone laughing at,
oh,
so it's just from the microphone.
Yeah,
there's a feed there but they had another one but they had it mixed low.
But yeah,
you just need to have a second microphone on the audience.
I just bring that mix up or maybe bring it right out.
So it's incredibly funny.
But I just found doing it in another language,
it's a positive thing.
It sends out a nice message.
It's hands across the water.
Can we learn from,
you can use them from us and the comedies.
I do sort of Pythonesque multipath and type surreal comedy.
And so I just need to find that audience in France that already is in Germany,
that audience in Thailand as that,
you know,
I've played Kathmandu and met a kids from Katmandu in New York on the streets.
He said that you can meet him.
I said,
yeah.
What are you,
where are you from?
I'm from Katmandu.
Wow.
Katmandu a kid on Katmandu.
Well you didn't hear as well.
I'm doing,
I'm a student.
But your English is good.
Yeah,
it's pretty good.
Yeah.
Well,
can I do a Gig in Katmandu anything?
I think you do again,
Kevin.
I do.
Yeah.
So I said okay.
That was in 2010 took me seven years.
I got the 2017 how was it?
It was good.
Unfortunately the local Lester,
the locals,
they'd had these couple of earthquakes,
which you know,
you tend to think,
oh,
everyone has earthquakes,
but know that they hadn't had them for ages and something that had to be bad.
So they were getting over that.
So I was mainly aid workers,
unfortunately as I can go back.
But no,
it was a nice set up.
But I played,
you know,
I went all through,
uh,
in Tokyo and I played in,
Hong Kong and in Shanghai and had all the guys from,
uh,
cause you have the,
the people from the communist party come along to check you out.
So I'm not going specifically in on certain things.
But anyway,
you know,
my stuff is all delivered from the comedy.
What?
The Communist Party,
you know,
the Communist Party.
Yeah.
You know,
cause it's Shanghai,
China Hamadie party.
No comments,
but just me mangling my words.
Oh,
so they come and check you out and make sure you're not violating anything.
Yes.
You sit in there is,
you're not supposed to go.
Yeah,
whatever.
I don't know.
I just,
I want to do the cake.
So,
but,
but it wasn't like I was going to change it.
I have weird stuff about Gandalf talking to two butterflies and,
and talking about my ancient kings like Henry the eighth and,
and William the conqueror and stuff.
So they probably,
apparently they stayed who stay.
They'd normally disappear after a while,
but anyway,
so it's,
uh,
it's good to get out.
You know,
you said,
as you said,
play the world sees a,
to see a travel broadens the mind.
Yeah.
I don't play very many play.
I played in Australia and England.
I've done gigs and Stockholm and Northern Ireland and Dublin,
a few other places in Europe,
but most of the time when I go on vacation,
I just go on vacation and just go to experience it.
Just to have fun.